What are examples of academic dishonesty?
Chapter 2.
Examples of Academic Dishonesty.
Failure to properly cite sources,
even if it's from the Internet.
So this means that you copied
information from the Internet,
partially copied information from
the Internet, used some of the words
from your Internet source, or used some
of the ideas from the Internet source.
Wrote it in your own words, but
you still did not give credit to
the Internet source that you used.
So basically you didn't follow the rules.
And you copy and pasted everything.
The problem here is that
you failed to cite.
Failure to cite means that you did not
give credit to the original
source that you used.
You still have to practice honesty and let
your reader know that you used ideas or
information that were not your own.
Another example is using
an ungraded assignment.
So this means that you had
a homework assignment or a project.
It was not submitted, but you still used
the information from that assignment
for another project or another assignment.
You can't do this.
Why?
Because it's being dishonest in
how you gathered the information.
It was not intended for
the original assignment that
you were supposed to submit.
And you used information from
the course that you did not cite.
Another example of academic
dishonesty is when
you use information provided by
the instructor, such as your class notes,
your course textbook or your journal
articles, without citing those sources.
So this might sound a little
confusing because this is information
that's provided by your instructor,
so why would you need to cite that?
It's important because you must give
credit to your class notes, the textbook.
Because the ideas outlined in the notes or
in your textbook or
any other course materials
are not your own.
Using information and presenting it
as your own in a homework submission
is violating an academic integrity policy.
You're being dishonest in how you
gathered information for your assignment.
So you must give credit for
all materials used for an assignment.
So how do you know when to cite or
give credit to a source?
You do it always.
And how do you do it?
That's really important, and after this
video module you will learn how to cite
and when to cite by Ellie Ransom
who works at the libraries.
And it's also important that if you're
unsure on how to cite or when to cite,
you can always ask a librarian.
And so the librarians here
are Ellie Ransom and Jim.
Another example is when you use outside
sources when you're not
permitted to do so.
So you use information without
your instructor's permission.
Even if you cited those sources, you have
violated an academic integrity policy
because your instructor did not give
you permission to use outside sources.
Why is this a violation?
It is a violation because the instructor
wanted you to submit original work,
work that was truly your own,
without outside help.
Professors will know if you
use outside information
even if it's information that is
very obscure and hard to find.
Or if it was a friend that
helped you with a problem.
Instructors would have tools, knowledge,
software, systems in place that can
help identify work that is not original.
Furthermore, instructors are well read and
knowledgable about
research in their fields.
So if you copied a journal article, or
pulled ideas from an Internet source, or
copied parts of your friend's problem set,
the instructor will know that
it is not your own work.
So you should also note that
you can't use the Internet
unless you're explicitly
told that you're allowed.
If you search on the Internet,
it's considered cheating if you
have not been given permission.
Another example of academic
dishonesty is when you
submit identical work even if you
were allowed to work in a group.
But what was required
was a unique submission,
and you submitted something that
was identical to your collaborator.
So what does this mean?
Why is this a problem?
By submitting identical work,
then you have violated not only
the rules of academic honesty, but
you also violated the course guidelines
as instructed by your professor.
Even though you're allowed to work
together on an assignment or a group
research paper, in this case you are still
required to submit your own work.
So you still need permission
from the instructor.
What if you're allowed to submit one
assignment on behalf of the entire group?
What would happen?
For example, your instructor allows
you to submit one script of code or
one research paper on
behalf of your entire team.
Each team member takes on
the responsibility of one part of that
research paper or script of code,
so you divide up the work.
What do you do?
How do you maintain academic integrity
while still working in a group together?
You make sure that as a group you review
your assignment together, that you give
credit to all your sources and that you
have consistency in your citation style.
Again, citation goes
back to the word cite.
By citation I mean giving
credit to the original source.
And how you do that you'll
learn in the next video module.
So this also means that your paper or
code is consistent in referencing
all sources of information.
And just because some parts were
referenced and others were not
does not mean that you have followed
all the academic integrity rules.
So it's really important to
maintain consistency in how and
where you site in your paper or
project or in your assignment.
So make sure that when you collaborate
you check your team members' work,
because you will be found responsible for
an academic integrity violation if one
of your team members does not
follow the academic rules properly.
Another example is copying
another student's work or
allowing a student to copy your own.
Lending your assignment or copying
another student's work is dishonest.
Don't send copies of your
assignment to other students.
Why is this a problem?
It is a problem because you're
dishonest about your work,
since it's not originally solved by you.
You're essentially breaking
the rules of academic integrity
by being dishonest in how you collected or
gathered your information.
Now we all want to help each other.
But as discussed in previous examples,
if you're not allowed by the instructor
to collaborate on an assignment or
an exam, then you cannot share
your original work with others.
Sharing your work and copying your
classmate's process on how she or
he solved the problem is being dishonest.
Your process in solving a problem,
meaning how you arrived to your answer or
conclusion, is uniquely your own.
Even if you were not
the person who copied,
but you were the person who
shared your assignment,
you would be found responsible for
violating an academic integrity rule.
This happens when students are running
out of time, and decide to email or
hand their homework to a classmate who
is having trouble with an assignment.
Bad idea, don't do it.
Other instances of copying
can happen during an exam.
Looking over a classmate's exam or
allowing another student to look at your
exam is a violation of academic integrity.
Again, if your instructor does not
give you permission to collaborate,
then you cannot help or
seek help from a classmate during an exam.
This means you cannot use the Internet,
your mobile phone, class notes or
any other materials that are not
permitted by the instructor.
If you're having trouble
with an assignment or
an exam, it is better to
partially complete the exam or
the assignment than to be caught
violating an academic integrity policy.
Another example of academic
dishonesty would be
altering a grade or altering a graded
exam in an effort to regain points.
Attempting to change your grade on an exam
after you have received a grade and/or
telling the instructor that the exam was
graded incorrectly is being dishonest.
The instructor keeps
copies of graded exams.
Trying to regain a couple of extra points
will land you in a great deal of trouble.
Don't be foolish.
Another example is forging
another person's signature or
pretending to be someone else.
Some exams or assignments will require you
to sign a cover sheet to acknowledge that
all the work you submitted was your own.
Forging someone's signature is a bad idea.
Taking an exam for a friend and
signing it with their name is dishonest.
You have violated an academic
integrity policy and
it could jeopardize your entire career.
You would definitely be called in a for
a dean's disciplinary hearing.
You will get reported.
So another example of
academic dishonesty is
submitting the same assignment in two
different courses without the permission
of both instructors.
So this is called self-plagiarism.
In the next academic
integrity video requirement,
you will learn in more detail about
plagiarism and self-plagiarism.
However, for this presentation we
will focus on a case scenario to
illustrate the definition
of self-plagiarism.
So as you can see right here, for
example, this is a little cartoon and
in this case it's a student and
the student forgot that
they have this big project to do, and
it's due and they're pressed for time.
And so the student's thinking,
hm, maybe I could use, or
just reuse a project from last year.
So this would be called self-plagiarism.
This would mean that you
are being academically dishonest.
And why would this be wrong?
Why can't you use
a project from last year?
So we're gonna do a case scenario.
So for example,
you have two different courses.
One is in Solid Biomechanics,
the other's in Mechanics of Fluids.
The instructor in Mechanics
gives you an assignment
that is very similar to an assignment
in Mechanics of Fluids.
If you decide to submit your entire
homework or portions of the assignment
from Solid Biomechanics to your professor
who's teaching Mechanics of Fluids,
you would be committing
an academic integrity violation.
Why?
The reason why it's a violation of
academic integrity is that the work
that was submitted was not originally
intended for Mechanics of Fluids.
The assignment was originally intended for
your Solid Biomechanics course.
So both instructors can report
you to the dean's office.
So does this mean you can never
use materials from past or
concurrent research and/or courses?
No, you just need to ask permission
from both instructors and
you would have to cite or
give credit to yourself and
reference your research that
you did in your course or
in your previous course or
in the courses that you are taking.
So it's very important to ask
permission before you submit work
that you've previously
submitted in another course.
Faculty will know if you have not
submitted original work for their course.
Instructors are colleagues and
are aware of each other's courses.
So all you would need to do is to ask for
permission and
properly cite your previous assignment.
This goes back to following
the instructor's course policies and
knowing the rules.
Please make sure to answer the questions
before you start chapter 3.